Feat googletest project (#1)
zamantousif/trajectory-planning: CMakeLists.txt

# Options: Things you can set via commandline options to cmake (e.g. -DENABLE_LTO=[ON|OFF])
option(ENABLE_WARNINGS_SETTINGS "Allow target_set_warnings to add flags and defines.
                                 Set this to OFF if you want to provide your own warning parameters." ON)
option(ENABLE_LTO "Enable link time optimization" ON)
option(ENABLE_GOOGLETESTS "Include tests in the library. Setting this to OFF will remove all googletest related code.
Tests in tests/*.cpp will still be enabled." ON)

# Include stuff. No change needed.
set(CMAKE_MODULE_PATH ${CMAKE_MODULE_PATH} "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/cmake/")
include(ConfigSafeGuards)
include(Colors)
include(CTest)
include(Googletest)
include(Documentation)
include(LTO)
include(Misc)
include(Warnings)

# Check for LTO support.
find_lto(CXX)

# --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#                         Locate files (change as needed).
# --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
set(SOURCES          # All .cpp files in src/
    src/trajectory.cpp
)
set(TESTFILES        # All .cpp files in tests/
    tests/tests.cpp
)

> set(LIBRARY_NAME engine)  # Default name for the library built from src/*.cpp (change if you wish)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set(LIBRARY_NAME trajectory-planning)  # Default name for the library built from src/*.cpp (change if you wish)
```

# --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#                            Build! (Change as needed)
# --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
# Compile all sources into a library.
add_library(${LIBRARY_NAME} OBJECT ${SOURCES})

# Lib needs its header files, and users of the library must also see these (PUBLIC). (No change needed)
target_include_directories(${LIBRARY_NAME} PUBLIC ${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR}/include)

# Set the compile options you want (change as needed).
target_set_warnings(${LIBRARY_NAME} ENABLE ALL AS_ERROR ALL DISABLE Annoying)
# target_compile_options(${LIBRARY_NAME} ... )  # For setting manually.

# Add an executable for the file app/main.cpp.
# If you add more executables, copy these lines accordingly.
add_executable(main app/main.cpp)   # Name of exec. and location of file.
target_link_libraries(main PRIVATE ${LIBRARY_NAME} ${Boost_LIBRARIES})  # Link the executable to library (if it uses it).
target_set_warnings(main ENABLE ALL AS_ERROR ALL DISABLE Annoying) # Set warnings (if needed).

> target_enable_lto(main optimized)  # enable link-time-optimization if available for non-debug configurations

Reviewer: Is this a new feature in cmake? 
I was expecting compile flags like `-Wall -Wpedantic -O2` but these lines seem to do similar work. Correct me otherwise.

Author: No, it is making use of `cmake/Warnings.cmake`
